# Recommended Configurations for the 4.Group Policy Job Group

The __Active Directory__ > __4.Group Policy__ Job Group has been configured to run with the default settings. It can be run directly or scheduled.

Dependencies

This job group does not have dependencies.

Targeted Hosts

The AD_GroupPolicy Job has been configured to inherit its host from the __4.Group Policy__ > __Settings__ > __Host List Assignment__ node. It is set to target the __Default domain controller__ host list, which is the domain in which the Enterprise Auditor Console server resides.

The host list assignment for the __AD_CPassword__ and __AD_PasswordPolicies__ jobs have been configured at the job’s > __Configure__ > __Hosts__ node. They are set to run against the __ONE DOMAIN CONTROLLER PER DOMAIN__ host list.

The __Default domain controller__ and __ONE DOMAIN CONTROLLER PER DOMAIN__ host lists are dynamic host lists based on the host inventory value in the __isDomainController__ field in the Host Master Table.

Connection Profile

A Connection Profile must be set directly on the collection jobs with Domain Administrator privileges.

Schedule Frequency

This job group can be scheduled to run as desired.

Run at the Job Group Level

___RECOMMENDED:___ Run the jobs in the 4.Group Policy Job Group together and in order by running the entire job group, instead of the individual jobs. However, these jobs can be run independently, with the exception of the AD_OverlappingGPOs Job, which is dependent upon the AD_GroupPolicy Job for data collection.

Workflow

__Step 1 –__ Run a host discovery query to discover domain controllers.

__Step 2 –__ Set a Connection Profile on the jobs that run data collection.

__Step 3 –__ Schedule the 4.Group Policy Job Group to run as desired.

__Step 4 –__ Review the reports generated by the 4.Group Policy Job Group.
