# Recommended Configurations for the 6.Activity Job Group

The __Active Directory__ > __6.Activity__ Job Group has been configured by default to run with the out-of-the-box settings. It can be run directly or scheduled.

Dependencies

- Successfully execute the __.Active Directory Inventory__ Job Group
- Netwrix Activity Monitor 4.1+ is archiving AD Activity Logs
- Successfully execute the __Active Directory__ > __5.Domains Job Group__ prior to running the Operations Job Group
- (Optional) Successfully execute the __Active Directory Permissions Analyzer__ > __0.Collection__ Job Group
- (Optional) Successfully execute the __FileSystem__ > __0.Collection__ Job Group

Targeted Host(s)

Netwrix Activity Monitor API Server or the host with the network share housing archived log files.

Connection Profile

Connection Profiles must be set directly on the [0.Collection > AD\_ActivityCollection Job](/docs/accessanalyzer/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/solutions/activedirectory/activity/ad_activitycollection.md) in order to connect to either the SAM API Server or the host with the network share housing the archived log files.

Access Token

Required for SAM API Server integration for the [0.Collection > AD\_ActivityCollection Job](/docs/accessanalyzer/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/solutions/activedirectory/activity/ad_activitycollection.md).

Scheduling Frequency

This group can be scheduled to run as desired.

___RECOMMENDED:___ Run from the 6.Activity Job Group level in order to correlate 0.Collection job group data with other jobs.

History Retention

History is not supported. Turning on history will cause issues with data analysis and reporting.

Multi-Console Support

Multiple Access Analyzer Consoles are not supported. This group should be run from a single Access Analyzer Console.

Workflow

__Step 1 –__ Successfully run the __.Active Directory Inventory__ Job Group.

__Step 2 –__ Setup integration between the Netwrix Activity Monitor and Access Analyzer by using either an API Server or the network share where the archived log files are located.

__Step 3 –__ Ensure Activity Monitor logs are archived.

__Step 4 –__ Configure the Connection Profiles to connect successfully to the Netwrix Activity Monitor API Server or the host with the network share housing the archived log files.

__Step 5 –__ Configure the __AD\_ActivityCollection__ Job Query.

__Step 6 –__ Run the jobs as desired.

__Step 7 –__ Run from the __6.Activity__ Job Group level in order to correlate 0.Collection job group data with other jobs.

__Step 8 –__ Review the reports generated by the jobs.

See the [Active Directory Solution](/docs/accessanalyzer/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/requirements/solutions/activedirectory.md) topic for additional information.
