# Recommended Configurations for the 3.Computers Job Group

The __Active Directory__ > __3.Computers__ Job Group has been configured by default to run with the default settings. It can be run directly or scheduled.

Dependencies

The __.Active Directory Inventory__ Job Group needs to be successfully executed prior to running this job group.

Target Host

This job group does not collect data. No target host is required.

Connection Profile

This job group does not collect data. No specific Connection Profile is required.

Schedule Frequency

The data analyzed by the 3.Computers Job Group jobs is collected by the .Active Directory Inventory Job Group. Therefore, it is recommended to schedule these jobs to run after the .Active Directory Inventory job group collection has completed. These jobs can be scheduled to run as desired.

Run at the Job Group Level

___RECOMMENDED:___ Run the jobs in the 3.Computers Job Group together and in order by running the entire job group, instead of the individual jobs.

Analysis Configuration

The 3.Computers Job Group should be run with the default analysis configurations. Most of the analysis tasks are preconfigured for this Job Group.

Some analysis tasks have customizable parameters:

- The __Active Directory__ > __3.Computers__ > __AD\_StaleComputers__ Job defines stale users. The parameters can be customized.

Workflow

__Step 1 –__ Prerequisite: Successful execution of the .Active Directory Inventory Job Group.

__Step 2 –__ Schedule the 3.Computers Job Group to run as desired after the prerequisite job has completed.

__Step 3 –__ Review the reports generated by the 3.Computers Job Group.
