# Recommended Configurations for the 3. Databases Job Group

Dependencies

This job group requires the following items to be installed and configured on the Access Analyzer Console:

- Microsoft MAPI CDO installed
- Access Analyzer MAPI CDO installed
- __Settings__ > __Exchange__ node configured

Targeted Hosts

The __0. Collection__ > __1. Local__ job group has been set to run against:

- Local host

The __0. Collection__ > __2. PF__ job group has been set to run against the following default dynamic host list:

- Exchange MB Servers

__NOTE:__ Default dynamic host lists are populated from hosts in the Host Master Table which meet the host inventory criteria for the list. Ensure the appropriate host lists have been populated through host inventory results.

Connection Profile

A Connection Profile must be set directly on the EX_DBInfo Job and the EX_PFInfo Job. See the [Exchange PowerShell Permissions](/docs/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/requirements/solutions/exchange/powershell.md) topic for the Ex_DBInfo Job required permissions. See the [MAPI-Based Data Collector Permissions](/docs/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/requirements/solutions/exchange/mapi.md) topic for the EX_PFInfo Job requirements.

See the [Connection](/docs/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/admin/settings/connection/overview.md) topic for additional information.

Schedule Frequency

This job group has been designed to run daily to collect information about the size of databases in the environment.

___RECOMMENDED:___ Run this Job Group at 3:00 AM.

History Retention

History retention should not be enabled on this job group. History is kept through analysis tasks. Modify the following analysis tasks to customize the amount of history which is kept:

| Job Name | Analysis Task Name | Default History |
| --- | --- | --- |
| EX_DBSizing | SET HISTORY RETENTION | 6 Months |

Query Configuration

The 3. Databases Job Group is designed to be run with the default query configurations. However, the following query can be modified:

- __0.Collection__ > __1. Local__ > __EX_DBInfo__ Job – __Exchange 2010 Store Size__ Query

No other queries should be modified.

Analysis Configuration

The 3. Databases Job Group should be run with the default analysis configurations.

__CAUTION:__ Most of the analysis tasks are preconfigured and should never be modified or deselected. There are some that are deselected by default, as they are for troubleshooting purposes.

The following analysis task should not be deselected, but the parameters can be modified:

- __EX_DBSizing__ Job – __SET HISTORY RETENTION__ Analysis Task

Workflow

__Step 1 –__ Set a Connection Profile on the jobs that run data collection.

__Step 2 –__ Schedule the 3. Databases Job Group to run daily.

__Step 3 –__ Review the reports generated by the jobs.
