# Recommended Configurations for the 5.Domains Job Group

The __Active Directory > 5.Domains__ job group has been configured by default to run with the default settings. It can be run directly or scheduled.

Dependencies

This job group does not have dependencies.

Targeted Hosts

The __AD_DomainControllers__ job has been configured to inherit its host from the __5.Domains > 0.Collection > Settings > Host List Assignment__ node. It is set to target the ONE DOMAIN CONTROLLER PER DOMAIN host list.

The host list assignment for the __0.Collection > AD_TimeSync__ and the __0.Collection__ > __AD_DSRM__ jobs have been configured at the job’s __Configure__ > __Hosts__ node. They are set to run against the ALL DOMAIN CONTROLLERS host list.

The ONE DOMAIN CONTROLLER PER DOMAIN and ALL DOMAIN CONTROLLERS host lists are dynamic host lists based on the host inventory value in the isDomainController field in the Host Master Table.

The __5.Domains > AD_DomainInfo__ job needs to be set to run against the following:

- Custom host list with one domain controller per forest

Connection Profile

A Connection Profile should be assigned at the __5.Domains > Settings > Connection__ node with Domain Administrator privileges.

Schedule Frequency

This job group can be scheduled to run as desired.

Run at the Job Group Level

___RECOMMENDED:___ Run the jobs in the __5.Domains__ job group together and in order by running the entire job group, instead of the individual jobs.

Query Configuration

The 5.Domains > 0.Collection > AD_DomainControllers job should be run with the default query configurations. Most of these queries are preconfigured for this Job Group and should not be modified.

The following query can be modified to use a secure connection with TLS/SSL:

- Domain Controller Listing Query which uses the [LDAP Data Collector](/versioned_docs/enterpriseauditor_11.6/enterpriseauditor/admin/datacollector/ldap.md)

Workflow

__Step 1 –__ Set the host on the AD_DomainInfo job.

__Step 2 –__ Run a host discovery query to discover domain controllers.

__Step 3 –__ Set a Connection Profile on the job group.

__Step 4 –__ Schedule the 5.Domains job group to run as desired.

__Step 5 –__ Review the reports generated by the 5.Domains job group.
