# Scaffoldings

Identity Manager provides a list of scaffoldings to act as configuration shortcuts: a scaffolding is
an XML element that will generate a complex XML fragment.

Available scaffoldings are described below.

To understand scaffoldings' generated configuration, Identity Manager's executable
[ Usercube-Export-Configuration ](../../../../executables/references/export-configuration/index.md)
can be launched with the `--export-scaffolding` option to export into XML files the configuration
items generated by scaffoldings.

Remember that these exported files are meant for viewing and understanding purposes, not for using
their content in your own configuration.

## References

- [Access Control Rules](accesscontrolrules/index.md)

- [ Access Reviews ](accesscontrolrules/accessreviews/index.md)

- [ Access Review Administration Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/accessreviews/accessreviewadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to administrate campaign creation.

- [ Connectors ](accesscontrolrules/connectors/index.md)

- [ Connector Resource Type Access Control ](accesscontrolrules/connectors/connectorresourcetypeaccesscontrol/index.md)

    Gives the rights to create and update resource types, generate provisioning orders and fulfill
    from the connector screen.

- [ Settings Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/connectors/settingsaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to configure the Workforce Core Solution module and connector
    settings.

- [ Jobs ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/index.md)

- [ GetJobLogAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/getjoblogadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to read task and job instances logs in UI for a given profile.

- [ JobAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/jobadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Scaffolding to access the job administration page.

- [ JobTaskAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/jobtaskadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates all permissions for JobStep entity.

- [ PendingAssignedResourceTypesAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/pendingassignedresourcetypesaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the access control rules which give to a profile the permissions to call the API
    Pending AssignedResourceTypes.

- [ ProvisioningAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/provisioningaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the execution rights for Provisioning and Fulfillment tasks for a given profile.

- [ ResourceChangesViewAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/resourcechangesviewaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the access control rules which gives to a profile the permissions to call the API
    ResourceChange, ResourceFileChange and ResourceLinkChange.

- [ ResourceTypeMappingControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/resourcetypemappingcontrolrules/index.md)

    Generate rights to launch agent fulfillment.

- [ RunJobAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/runjobadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to launch jobs from UI for a given profile.

- [ RunJobNotificationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/runjobnotificationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates access control to send notification when job finish with an error state.

- [ RunJobRepairAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/runjobrepairadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to launch from UI jobs that are in state blocked after a Provisioning
    or a synchronization for a given profile.

- [ RunJobRepairNotificationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/runjobrepairnotificationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates access control to send notification when a relaunch job finish with an error state.

- [ SynchronizationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/synchronizationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates rights to launch synchronization task.

- [ TaskAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/taskadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates all rights to have the access to job administration page.

- [ TaskInstanceAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/taskinstanceadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates access control to update the task instances.

- [ WorkflowFulfillmentControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/jobs/workflowfulfillmentcontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the execution rights to launch Fulfillment workflow for a given profile.

- [ Monitoring ](accesscontrolrules/monitoring/index.md)

- [ MonitoringAdministrationAccessControlRules ](accesscontrolrules/monitoring/monitoringadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the access control rule which gives to a profile the permission to query the
    monitoring screen.

- [ Profiles ](accesscontrolrules/profiles/index.md)

- [ Assign Profile Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/profiles/assignprofileaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Gives to a given profile the rights to create, update, delete and query any assigned profile.

- [ OpenId Client Administration Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/profiles/openidclientadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)
- [ Profile Administration Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/profiles/profileadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Gives to a given profile the rights to create, update and delete profiles.

- [ Queries ](accesscontrolrules/queries/index.md)

- [ Manage Setting Access Control Rule ](accesscontrolrules/queries/managesettingaccesscontrolrule/index.md)

    Generates the access control rule which gives to a profile the permission to query, create,
    update and delete settings from the UM_Settings table.

- [ Report Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/queries/reportaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the report view.

- [ Target Resource Report Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/queries/targetresourcereportaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to apply a report for a profile on a given entity.

- [ Universe Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/queries/universeaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates an access control rule which gives a profile the permission to access the query page
    and run queries.

- [ Resources ](accesscontrolrules/resources/index.md)

- [ Create Resource Incremental Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/resources/createresourceincrementalaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the access control rule which gives to a profile the permission to query the resources
    modified incrementally.

- [ Resource Api Administration ](accesscontrolrules/resources/resourceapiadministration/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to create/update/delete/query resources from a given entity type, for
    a given profile.

- [ Resource Picker Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/resources/resourcepickercontrolrules/index.md)

    Creates the reading right of the resource picker.

- [ View Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/resources/viewaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to view an entity type's resources.

- [ View History Resource Template ](accesscontrolrules/resources/viewhistoryresourcetemplate/index.md)

    Generates an access control rule giving to the specified profile the permission to browse the
    resources history of the specified entity type.

- [Role Models](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/index.md)

- [ Basket Rules Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/basketrulescontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to execute the different requests to display the information in the
    rights basket.

- [ Bulk Perform Manual Provisioning Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/bulkperformmanualprovisioningaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to perform bulk validations on the \*\*Perform Manual Provisioning\*\*
    page.

- [Bulk Resource Reconciliation Access Control Rules](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/bulkresourcereconciliationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to perform bulk validations on the \*\*Resource Reconciliation\*\*
    page.

- [ Bulk Review Provisioning Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/bulkreviewprovisioningaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to perform bulk validations on the \*\*Provisioning Review\*\* page
    (only for errored orders).

- [ Bulk Role Reconciliation Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/bulkrolereconciliationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to perform bulk validations on the \*\*Role Reconciliation\*\* page.

- [ Governance Roles Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/governancerolesaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the governance review pages for a given entity type and
    profile.

- [ Perform Manual Provisioning Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/performmanualprovisioningaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the manual provisioning pages for a given entity type and
    profile.

- [ Reconciliate Resources Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/reconciliateresourcesaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the resource reconciliation pages for a given entity type
    and profile.

- [ Reconciliate Roles Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/reconciliaterolesaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the role reconciliation pages for a given entity type and
    profile.

- [ Redundant Assignment Access Control Rule ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/redundantassignmentaccesscontrolrule/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the \*\*Redundant Assignment\*\* page, to analyze and remove
    redundant assignments.

- [ Review Provisioning Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/reviewprovisioningaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the provisioning review pages for a given entity type and
    profile.

- [ Review Roles Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/reviewrolesaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the role review pages for a given entity type and profile.

- [ Risks Administration Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/risksadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)
- [ Role Administration Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/roleadministrationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the configuration pages and create, update, delete the
    elements of the role model.

- [ Role Naming Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/rolemodels/rolenamingaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to configure and launch the automatic creation of roles and rules
    based on naming conventions.

- [ Simulations ](accesscontrolrules/simulations/index.md)

- [Policy Simulation Control Rules](accesscontrolrules/simulations/policysimulationcontrolrules/index.md)
- [ Role And Simulation Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/simulations/roleandsimulationcontrolrules/index.md)

- [ User Interfaces ](accesscontrolrules/userinterfaces/index.md)

- [ Manage Accounts ](accesscontrolrules/userinterfaces/manageaccounts/index.md)
- [ Search Bar Page Access Control ](accesscontrolrules/userinterfaces/searchbarpageaccesscontrol/index.md)

    Gives access rights to the different navigation elements of the SearchBars of the pages of the
    role model.

- [ Workflows ](accesscontrolrules/workflows/index.md)

- [ Create Update Delete Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/workflows/createupdatedeleteaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates execution rights for the create, update, delete workflows.

- [ Update Resources Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/workflows/updateresourcesaccesscontrolrules/index.md)
- [ Workflow Access Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/workflows/workflowaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the task page and visualize the workflows to be executed for
    a given entity type and profile.

- [ Workflow Configuration Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/workflows/workflowconfigurationcontrolrules/index.md)
- [ Workflow Overview Control Rules ](accesscontrolrules/workflows/workflowoverviewcontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to access the workflow supervision page.

- [ Entity Types ](entitytypes/index.md)

- [Entity Types](entitytypes/entitytypes/index.md)

- [ Connector Mappings ](entitytypes/entitytypes/connectormappings/index.md)

    Generates the mapping of an entity in a given connector.

- [ Entity Type Display Name ](entitytypes/entitytypes/entitytypedisplayname/index.md)

    Computes a default value for resources' internal display names.

- [ Entity Type Display Table ](entitytypes/entitytypes/entitytypedisplaytable/index.md)

    Creates a display table for the given entity.

- [ Entity Type Display Table Adaptable ](entitytypes/entitytypes/entitytypedisplaytableadaptable/index.md)

    Creates an adaptable display table for a given entity type.

- [ Entity Type Display Target Resource Table ](entitytypes/entitytypes/entitytypedisplaytargetresourcetable/index.md)

    Creates a display table for the given entity.

- [ Entity Type Menu Item ](entitytypes/entitytypes/entitytypemenuitem/index.md)

    Creates a menu item for the entity type, and for its connector if the entity type has an entity
    type mapping.

- [ Entity Type Search Bar ](entitytypes/entitytypes/entitytypesearchbar/index.md)

    Creates the search bar for the entity without criteria.

- [ Target Resource Report Menus ](entitytypes/entitytypes/targetresourcereportmenus/index.md)

    Creates the Item menu for the entity's report so that it is displayed in the report view.

- [ Workflows ](entitytypes/workflows/index.md)

- [ Create Update Delete Workflows ](entitytypes/workflows/createupdatedeleteworkflows/index.md)

    Creates updates and deletes menus for an entity.

- [ Update Resources Menus ](entitytypes/workflows/updateresourcesmenus/index.md)
- [ Update Resources Workflows ](entitytypes/workflows/updateresourcesworkflows/index.md)
- [ Workflow Actors Notification ](entitytypes/workflows/workflowactorsnotification/index.md)
- [ Workflow Entity Type ](entitytypes/workflows/workflowentitytype/index.md)

    Creates an entity that will be the source of all workflows that manipulate the given entity.

- [ Workflow Entity Type Display Entity Type ](entitytypes/workflows/workflowentitytypedisplayentitytype/index.md)
- [ Workflow Entity Type Display Table ](entitytypes/workflows/workflowentitytypedisplaytable/index.md)

    Creates the display table of the workflow entity of the starting entity.

- [ Workflow Entity Type Search Bar ](entitytypes/workflows/workflowentitytypesearchbar/index.md)

    Creates the search bar of the workflow entity of the starting entity.

- [ Workflow Performer Notification ](entitytypes/workflows/workflowperformernotification/index.md)

- [ Jobs ](jobs/index.md)

- [Clean Database Job](jobs/cleandatabasejob/index.md)

    Creates the job to clean old tasks and jobs instances with state InProgress.

- [Create Access Certification Job](jobs/createaccesscertificationjob/index.md)

    Creates the AccessCertification Job.

- [Create Agent Synchro Complete](jobs/createagentsynchrocomplete/index.md)

    Creates for the given agent the synchronization job of all connectors present in the agent in
    Complete mode.

- [Create Agent Synchro Incremental](jobs/createagentsynchroincremental/index.md)

    Creates for the given agent the synchronization job of all connectors present in the agent in
    incremental mode.

- [ Create Connectors Jobs ](jobs/createconnectorsjobs/index.md)

    Creates all jobs by connector to launched task in the connector page.

- [Create Connector Synchro Complete](jobs/createconnectorsynchrocomplete/index.md)

    Creates for the given connector the synchronization in complete mode.

- [Create Connector Synchro Incremental](jobs/createconnectorsynchroincremental/index.md)

    Creates for the given connector the synchronization job in incremental mode.

- [Create Initialization Job](jobs/createinitializationjob/index.md)

    Creates the Initialization Job for the given agent.

- [ Optimizations ](optimizations/index.md)

- [ Optimize Display Table ](optimizations/optimizedisplaytable/index.md)

    Optimizes all elements found in the given displayTable.

- [ Queries ](queries/index.md)

- [ Target Resource Report ](queries/targetresourcereport/index.md)

    Creates a ReportQuery with default Query taking all the properties of the entity.

- [ Universe Data Model ](queries/universedatamodel/index.md)

    Creates, within a universe, entity instances and association instances based on a predefined
    template.

- [Templates](templates/index.md)

- [Connectors Access Control Rules](templates/connectorsaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Gives the permissions to manage the connector pages.

- [ Create Administrator Profile ](templates/createadministratorprofile/index.md)

    Creates the profile administrator and all default access control rules.

- [ Create Update Delete Template ](templates/createupdatedeletetemplate/index.md)

    Creates the three types of workflow for the given entity as well as the execution rights for the
    given profile.

- [ Entity Report Default ](templates/entityreportdefault/index.md)

    Creates all configuration items to add a ReportQuery for an EntityType and profile.

- [ Job Execution Access Control Rules ](templates/jobexecutionaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Assigns a set of rights to a given profile to execute any job, and view all job instances, task
    instances and logs.

- [ Job View Access Control Rules ](templates/jobviewaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Scaffolding to generate a set of rights to view all JobInstances, TaskInstances and logs.

- [ Simulation Access Control Rules ](templates/simulationaccesscontrolrules/index.md)

    Generates the permissions to configure and launch simulations.

- [ Update Resources Template ](templates/updateresourcestemplate/index.md)
- [ View Source Resource Template ](templates/viewsourceresourcetemplate/index.md)

    Creates the display table, fills in the internal display name of the entity, and gives the
    rights to see the permissions and sources of the entity for a given profile.

- [ View Target Resource Template ](templates/viewtargetresourcetemplate/index.md)

    Creates the entity view (designElement = resourceTable), the report and the rights for a given
    profile.

- [ View Template ](templates/viewtemplate/index.md)

    Creates the view for the given entity as well as the rights for the given profile.

- [ View Template Adaptable ](templates/viewtemplateadaptable/index.md)

    Implements a default display name for the resources of a given entity type, displays the
    resources in an adaptable table, and give the permissions to view the resources.

- [ Workforce ](workforce/index.md)

- [ Bootstrap Module ](workforce/bootstrapmodule/index.md)

    Generates the default settings required to start using Identity Manager and the Workforce Core
    Solution module.

- [Workforce Module](workforce/workforcemodule/index.md)

    Generates the workforce repository based on the data filled in the Workforce Core Solution
    module.
