# Recommended Configurations for Entra ID Job Group

The Entra ID Solution has been configured to inherit down from the job group __Settings__ node. The host list must be assigned and the Connection Profile configured before job execution. Once these are assigned to the job group, it can be run directly or scheduled.

Dependencies

Running the .Entra ID Inventory Job Group provides essential data to the Entra ID Solution.

Running the .Active Directory Inventory Job Group is required to collect on-premises directory syncing information. See the [.Active Directory Inventory Solution](/docs/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/solutions/activedirectoryinventory/overview.md) topic for additional information.

Targeted Hosts

The Entra ID Solution does not require a target host because the jobs use data collected from the .Entra ID Inventory Job Group and the .Active Directory Inventory Job Group. However, Access Analyzer jobs do not execute successfully without a host list assigned. Assign the host list under the __Entra ID__ > __Settings__ > __Host Lists Assignment__ node. Check the __Local host__ box and click __Save__.

Connection Profile

Since the Entra ID Solution is not collecting any data, a specific connection profile is not necessary. Therefore, the default setting __Use the Default Profile__ is sufficient for this solution.

Schedule Frequency

Schedule the Entra ID Job Group to run on a preferred schedule.

Optional Configuration

The Entra ID Solution receives user and group membership information from the .Entra ID Inventory Solution. Information received includes manager, email addresses, and direct membership. Customize within the __.Entra ID Inventory__ > __2-AAD\_Exceptions__ Job's Deeply Nested Groups and Large Groups analysis tasks.

See the [.Entra ID Inventory Solution](/docs/accessanalyzer/enterpriseauditor/solutions/entraidinventory/overview.md) topic for additional information.

Workflow

The following is the recommended workflow:

__Step 1 –__ Assign the Local host at the solution level as described above.

__Step 2 –__ Run the .Entra ID Inventory Job Group. If on-premises directory syncing information is desired, run the .Active Directory Inventory Job Group.

__Step 3 –__ Schedule the solution to run as desired with consideration to the run schedules of the solutions collecting data.

__Step 4 –__ Review the reports generated by the jobs.
