# Recommended Configurations for the 1.Groups Job Group

The Active Directory > __1.Groups__ Job Group has been configured by default to run with the default settings. It can be run directly or scheduled.

Dependencies

The __.Active Directory Inventory__ Job Group needs to be successfully executed prior to running this job group.

Target Host

This job group does not collect data. No target host is required.

Connection Profile

This job group does not collect data. No specific Connection Profile is required.

Schedule Frequency

The data analyzed by the __1.Groups__ Job Group jobs is collected by the __.Active Directory Inventory__ Job Group. Therefore, it is recommended to schedule these jobs to run after the .Active Directory Inventory job group collection has completed. These jobs can be scheduled to run as desired.

Run at the Job Group Level

___RECOMMENDED:___ Run the jobs in the __1.Groups__ Job Group together and in order by running the entire job group, instead of the individual jobs.

Analysis Configuration

The __1.Groups__ Job Group should be run with the default analysis configurations. Most of the analysis tasks are preconfigured for this job group.

Some analysis tasks have customizable parameters:

- The .Active Directory Inventory Solution defines large groups, deeply nested groups, and stale users. These parameters can be customized.

  - Customize within __.Active Directory Inventory__ > __3-AD\_Exceptions__ Job analysis tasks

    __NOTE:__ Changes to an exception’s definition will affect all jobs dependent upon that exception as well as all Access Information Center Exceptions reports.

Workflow

__Step 1 –__ Prerequisite: Run the __.Active Directory Inventory__ Job Group.

__Step 2 –__ Schedule the __1.Groups__ Job Group to run as desired after the prerequisite job has completed.

__Step 3 –__ Review the reports generated by the 1.Groups Job Group.
