# Managed By Life Cycle Schedule

The Managed By Life Cycle schedule updates the temporary additional owners for groups and temporary additional managers for users in an identity store. It performs the following functions:

- Group owners and users with the ‘Manage any Group’ permission in the identity store can set a start and end date to:

  - Add an object as a temporary additional owner of a group
  - Remove an additional owner for a temporary period

  The Managed By Life Cycle schedule adds and removes an object as a group’s temporary additional owner on the specified dates.
- User managers and users with the ‘Manage any Profile’ permission in the identity store can set a start and end date to:

  - Add an object (user or contact) as a temporary additional manager of a user
  - Remove an additional manager for a temporary period

  The Managed By Life Cycle schedule adds and removes an object as the user’s temporary additional manager on the specified dates.

Let’s assume that the Managed By Life Cycle schedule is scheduled to run once a week, say Mondays. If an object is to be added as a group’s temporary additional owner for three days - Wednesday till Friday, it will not be added. This happens because the
Managed By Life Cycle schedule did not run on the specific days for temporary ownership update. Make sure the schedule is set to run at a frequency that meets your temporary ownership requirements.

GroupID generates notifications when the Managed By Life Cycle schedule adds or removes temporary additional owners/managers. See the [Manage Managed by Life Cycle Notifications](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/identitystore/configure/smtpserver.md#Manage-Managed-by-Life-Cycle-Notifications) topic.

What do you want to do?

- [Create a Managed By Life Cycle Schedule](#Create-a-Managed-By-Life-Cycle-Schedule)

## Create a Managed By Life Cycle Schedule

1. In Admin Center, click __Identity Stores__ in the left pane.
2. On the __Identity Stores__ page, click the ellipsis button for an identity store and select __Edit__.
3. Click __Schedules__ under __Settings__ in the left pane.
4. On the __Schedules__ page, click __Add Schedule__ and select __Managed By Life Cycle Job__. The __Create  Schedule__ page is displayed.
5. In the __Schedule Name__ box, enter a name for the schedule.
6. The __Name Preview__ box displays the schedule name prefixed with _ManagedByLifeCycle\_\__; the schedule is displayed with this name in email notifications.
7. Select a GroupID portal URL in the __Portal URL__ drop-down list to include it in notifications generated by the schedule. Users are redirected to this portal to perform any necessary action.
8. In the __Scheduler Service Name__ drop-down list, select a Scheduler service that would be responsible for triggering this schedule. The number of services displayed in the list depend on the number of Elasticsearch clusters in the environment, as each cluster has its own Scheduler service. See the [Scheduler Service](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/service/schedulerservice.md) topic.
9. You can specify containers as targets for the schedule. The schedule will process all groups in the selected containers and sub-containers. To specific containers as target, see step 9 in
   the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#Create-a-Group-Usage-Service-Schedule) topic.
10. Click __Add Triggers__ in the __Triggers__ area to specify a triggering criterion for the schedule, that, when met, starts the execution of the schedule. Follow step 11 in
    the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#Create-a-Group-Usage-Service-Schedule) topic to manage triggers.
11. Click __Add Authentication__ in the __Authentication__ area to specify an account for running the schedule in the identity store. Follow step 12 in
    the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#Create-a-Group-Usage-Service-Schedule) topic for details.
12. On the __Create Schedule__ page, click __Create Schedule__.
13. On the __Schedules__ page, click __Save__.  
     The schedule is displayed under __Managed By Life Cycle__. See the [View the Schedules in an Identity Store ](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/manage.md#View-the-Schedules-in-an-Identity-Store) topic for more info.

See Also

- [Schedules](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/overview.md)
