# Membership Life Cycle Schedule

The Membership Life Cycle schedule updates the temporary membership of groups in an identity store. It performs the following functions:

- Group owners (primary owner, additional owners, and Exchange additional owners) can set a start and end date to:

  - Add an object as a temporary member of a group
  - Remove a member for a temporary period from group membership

  The Membership Life Cycle schedule temporarily adds and removes an object from group membership on the specified dates.
- Managers and peers can join and leave a group temporarily on behalf of other users. When the Membership Life Cycle schedule runs, it adds and removes those users from group membership on the specified dates.
- The Membership Life Cycle schedule executes the Membership Life Cycle policy for the identity store. See the [Manage Membership Life Cycle Policies](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/identitystore/configure/directoryservice/membershiplifecycle.md) topic.
- The schedule also removes members when group owners inactivate them during group attestation. See the [Enable Group Attestation](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/identitystore/configure/directoryservice/grouplifecycle.md#enable-group-attestation) topic.

Let’s assume that the Membership Life Cycle schedule is scheduled to run once a week, say Mondays. If an object is to be added to group membership for three days - Wednesday till Friday, it will not be added. This happens because the Membership Life Cycle
schedule did not run on the specific days for temporary membership update. Make sure that the schedule is set to run at a frequency that meets your temporary membership requirements.

GroupID generates notifications when the Membership Life Cycle schedule adds or removes users from group membership. See the [Manage Membership Life Cycle Notifications](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/identitystore/configure/smtpserver.md#manage-membership-life-cycle-notifications) topic.

What do you want to do?

- [Create a Membership Life Cycle Schedule](#create-a-membership-life-cycle-schedule)

## Create a Membership Life Cycle Schedule

1. In Admin Center, click __Identity Stores__ in the left pane.
2. On the __Identity Stores__ page, click the ellipsis button for an identity store and select __Edit__.
3. Click __Schedules__ under __Settings__ in the left pane.
4. On the __Schedules__ page, click __Add Schedule__ and select __Membership Life Cycle Job__. The __Create Schedule__ page is displayed.
5. In the __Schedule Name__ box, enter a name for the schedule.
6. The __Name Preview__ box displays the schedule name prefixed with _MembershipLifeCycle__; the schedule is displayed with this name in email notifications.
7. Select a GroupID portal URL in the __Portal URL__ drop-down list to include it in notifications generated by the schedule. Users are redirected to this portal to perform any necessary action.
8. In the __Scheduler Service Name__ drop-down list, select a Scheduler service that would be responsible for triggering this schedule. The number of services displayed in the list depend on the number of Elasticsearch clusters in the environment, as each cluster has its own Scheduler service. See the [Scheduler Service](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/service/schedulerservice.md) topic.
9. You can specify containers as targets for the schedule. The schedule will process all groups in these containers and their sub-containers. To specific containers as target, follow step 9 in
   the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#create-a-group-usage-service-schedule) topic.

   NOTE: Membership Lifecycle policies are not applied to OUs specified here. Target OUs and groups are set in the respective policy.
10. Click __Add Triggers__ in the __Triggers__ area to specify a triggering criterion for the schedule, that, when met, starts the execution of the schedule. Follow step 11 in
    the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#create-a-group-usage-service-schedule) topic to add triggers.
11. Click __Add Authentication__ in the __Authentication__ area to specify an account for running the schedule in the identity store. Follow step 12 in
    the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#create-a-group-usage-service-schedule) topic for details.
12. On the __Create Schedule__ page, click __Create Schedule__.
13. On the __Schedules__ page, click __Save__.  
    The schedule is displayed under __Membership Life Cycle__. See the [View the Schedules in an Identity Store ](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/manage.md#view-the-schedules-in-an-identity-store) topic for more info.

See Also

- [Schedules](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/overview.md)
