# Orphan Group Update Schedule

An orphan group is one without a primary owner.

An Orphan Group Update schedule is responsible for assigning a primary owner to orphan groups. For this, the orphan group must have at least one additional owner, since the schedule promotes a group’s additional owner as its primary owner.

When an Orphan Group Update schedule runs, it promotes the first additional owner in the additional owners’ list (be it a user, contact, or security group) as the primary owner and a notification is sent to the promoted owner. Note the following:

- A temporary additional owner is not promoted as the primary owner. When such an owner is the first in the list, the schedule skips it and moves to the next additional owner in the list.
- When a security group is promoted as the primary owner, a notification is sent to all group members.
- When a mail-enabled user is promoted as the primary owner, the schedule also adds him or her as the group’s Exchange additional owner.
- When a user is promoted as the primary owner of more than one group, a single notification is sent to him or her, containing details of the groups added to his or her ownership.

The promotion of an additional owner to primary owner may violate the Group Owners policy for the minimum number of additional owners required. A notification is sent to
the promoted owner to add an additional owner to comply with the policy. See the [Group Owners Policy](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/securityrole/policy/groupowners.md) topic.

With history tracking enabled, history is logged at the group level and at the promoted owner’s level. See the [Configure History Tracking](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/identitystore/configure/directoryservice/historytracking.md) topic.

What do you want to do?

- [Create an Orphan Group Update Schedule](#create-an-orphan-group-update-schedule)

## Create an Orphan Group Update Schedule

1. In Admin Center, click __Identity Stores__ in the left pane.
2. On the __Identity Stores__ page, click the ellipsis button for an identity store and select __Edit__.
3. Click __Schedules__ under __Settings__ in the left pane.
4. On the __Schedules__ page, click __Add Schedule__ and select __Orphan Group Update Job__. The __Create Schedule__ page is displayed.
5. In the __Schedule Name__ box, enter a name for the schedule.
6. The __Name Preview__ box displays the schedule name prefixed with _OrphanGroupUpdater__; the schedule is displayed with this name in email notifications.
7. Select a GroupID portal URL in the __Portal URL__ drop-down list to include it in notifications generated by the schedule. Users are redirected to this portal to perform any necessary action.
8. In the __Scheduler Service Name__ drop-down list, select a Scheduler service that would be responsible for triggering this schedule. The number of services displayed in the list depend on the number of Elasticsearch clusters in the environment, as each cluster has its own Scheduler service. See the [Scheduler Service](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/service/schedulerservice.md) topic.
9. You can specify containers as targets for the schedule. The schedule will process all groups in these containers and their sub-containers. To specific containers as target, follow step 9 in
   the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#create-a-group-usage-service-schedule) topic.
10. Click __Add Triggers__ in the __Triggers__ area to specify a triggering criterion for the schedule, that, when met, starts the execution of the schedule. Follow step 11 in
    the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#create-a-group-usage-service-schedule) topic to add triggers.
11. Click __Add Authentication__ in the __Authentication__ area to specify an account for running the schedule in the identity store. See step 12 in
    the [Create a Group Usage Service Schedule](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/groupusageservice.md#create-a-group-usage-service-schedule) topic for details.
12. On the __Create Schedule__ page, click __Create Schedule__.
13. On the __Schedules__ page, click __Save__.  
    The schedule is displayed under __Orphan Group Update__.
    See the [View the Schedules in an Identity Store ](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/manage.md#view-the-schedules-in-an-identity-store) topic for more info.

See Also

- [Schedules](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/admincenter/schedule/overview.md)
