# All Requests

Use __All Requests__ node to view workflow requests generated by enterprise users. The view displays pending requests only.

You can click a column header to sort the requests by that attribute. For each request, you can view the description, approver(s), requester name, the target to change, status, date the request was made on, and the reason why that request was denied. Expand a request to view more details, such as the field changed along with its old and new value.

What do you want to do?

- [Approve a request](#approve-a-request)
- [Deny a request](#deny-a-request)
- [ReRoute a request
  ](#reroute-a-request)
- [Filter requests](#filter-requests)

## Approve a request

1. On the left navigation bar, click __Requests__. Then click the __All Requests__ tab to view the workflow requests that are pending for approval.

   You can expand a request to view its details.
2. Select a request and click __Approve Requests__ to approve it.

   GroupID will process the request and execute the changes.

## Deny a request

1. On the left navigation bar, click __Requests__. Then click the __All Requests__ tab to view the workflow requests that are pending for approval.

   You can expand a request to view its details.
2. Select the request you want to deny, type the reason for denial and click __Deny Request__.

   GroupID will not perform any action and no changes will be made.

## ReRoute a request

To reroute a request to a different approver, follow these steps:

1. On the left navigation bar, click __Requests__. Then click the __All Requests__ tab to view the workflow requests that are pending for approval.

   You can expand a request to view its details.
2. Select the request you want to reroute, click __ReRoute__.
3. On the __Reroute Workflow Request__ wizard, select one of the following:

   - Manager of User
   - Manager and Additional Manager of User
   - Other

     Search the any user and select them from the search list.
4. Click __Reroute__ to close the wizard.

## Filter requests

1. On the __Requests__ page, use the following areas to specify a criterion for filtering the requests' list.

   - Requesters
   - Approvers
   - Date
   - Actual Approver / Denier
   - Target Object
   - Request Status
2. From __Requesters__ list, select an option:

   - __All:__ view requests requested by all the users.
   - __Custom:__ view requests requested by specific users mentioned in __Custom Requesters__ box.
3. From __Approvers__ list, select an option:

   - __All:__ view requests approved by all the users.
   - __Custom:__ view requests approved by specific users mentioned in __Custom Approvers__ box.
4. Use the __Date__ list to specify the duration you want to view the requests for.

   - All
   - Today
   - Yesterday
   - Last 7 Days
   - Last 30 Days
   - Last 90 Days

     Requests that are initiated in the given period will be displayed.
5. From __Actual Approver/Denier__ list, select an option:

   - __All:__ view requests approved/denied by all the users.
   - __Custom:__ view requests approved/denied by specific users mentioned in __Custom Actual Approvers/Deniers__ box.
6. From __Target Object__ list, select an option:

   - __All:__ view requests related to all types of objects.
   - __Custom:__ view requests related to specific objects mentioned in __Custom Target Object__ box.
7. From the __Request status__ list, select an option:

   - __Pending__: view requests that are pending for you to approve or deny.
   - __Approved__: view requests that you have approved.
   - __Denied__: view requests that you have denied.
   - __All__: view all pending, approved, and denied requests.
8. To add more filters, click __Add Filter__.
9. From the __Select a filter__ list, select any of the following to search relevant requests:

   - Description
   - Workflow Event
   - Workflow Type
10. Two more boxes get displayed next to __Select a filter__ box upon selecting a filter.

    - __Select an Operator__: select the operator from that is relevant to your filter.
    - __Select a Value__: Specify the value for the selected operator in the first box.
11. Click __Apply__.

    Workflow requests matching the specified criteria are displayed.
12. Click __Reset Filter__ to remove the filters that you have added.

    All the workflow request will be displayed below.

__See Also__

- [Requests](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/portal/request/overview.md)
- [My Requests](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/portal/request/myrequest.md)
- [Request Inbox](/versioned_docs/groupid_11.0/groupid/portal/request/pending.md)
